In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl,
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
♪ Miraculous, simply the best
♪ Up to the test
when things go wrong
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest
♪ The power of love
always so strong
♪ Miraculous
♪ Miraculous ♪
Roar!
Hey, d'you think
T-Rexes eat a lot?
We're about to find out unless
Ladybug gets back real soon!
Woohoohoo!
Yeah! It's all good,
we found the dino call!
It had rolled
under my cyclotron!
Ah!
(High-pitched call)
Oh, yes, who's a good
little T-Rex? You are!
Coochie, coochie,
coochie, coochie, coo!
- Everything OK, Carapace?
- Oh! Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Pound it!
Good luck with
your good little T-Rexes!
Bye!
Maybe it wasn't the best idea
to bring you back to life!
What'll I do with you guys now?
You'll eat
my entire food budget!
I'll buy them!
I'll put them on an island
and turn it into a theme park!
I'll be rich! Ha, ha, ha, ha!
Catch you later!
Shell off!
Thanks!
Something's wrong, isn't it?
Well, uh...
well, why wasn't Alya...
- I mean, Rena Rouge here today?
- Oh! Uh, because we needed you,
and only you! And you rocked it!
Way to go!
- I did?
- Mmm-hmm.
Bug out.
We weren't followed?
No sign of Shadow Moth's traps?
- Nothing to report.
- Perfect! Spots off!
Alya, I wanted
to ask you something.
Ah! You noticed!
It's crazy how my costume
automatically adapted
to my new role! And it gave me
the idea for my new name.
- Rena Furtive!
- Cool, yes... but secret!
We agree that, officially,
the Miraculous of the Fox
doesn't have a holder any more.
You did tell Nino you'd never be
Rena Rouge again, right?
Well, it's just...
Alya, everyone has to believe
you can never use
a miraculous again.
So you can be our spy
without anyone suspecting.
And cover you with my power
of illusion if Shadow Moth
has you followed or,
if he ever shows himself,
I can follow him.
I know, I know.
For the plan to work,
no one can know about it.
And no one means no one.
Even Nino has to believe you'll
never be Rena Rouge again!
- Or Rena Furtive?
- Or Rena Furtive.
Oh!
I just don't know
if I can lie to Nino like that.
- We share everything, and...
- It's too late to turn back.
Tell yourself it's not lying,
it's more --
You don't lie to your boyfriend!
If Nino ever finds out,
he'll never trust me again!
I had to keep the truth
from my best friend
for a very long time,
so I know how you feel.
Girls? How about an Ultimate
Mecha Strike XXIII tournament?
Whoa! Sorry, but,
uh, we're doing homework, Dad!
Again? Your teachers
sure give you loads of homework!
And see? I still have to lie
to my family.
I haven't hung out
with Dad for months.
But we don't have a choice.
We've gotta protect our secrets.
Fine, I'll tell him.
I... I... um...
Somebody wants to play
Super Penguino!
There's something
we gotta talk about first.
What?
Uh... I... uh...
Uh, I can't do this.
It's too hard.
- You're starting to worry me.
- If I do this,
it might change
so much between us.
Oh, no! Don't say it!
Anything but that!
- Anything but what?
- You don't love me any more!
- What? No! Of course I do!
- What is it, then?
Nino, it's about
our superhero secrets.
Ladybug and I had a chat, and...
OK. I'm no longer Rena Rouge
and I never will be.
She won't give me
a miraculous again.
She thinks
it's become too dangerous.
Now it all makes sense.
It was so weird, you not being
there with us, last time.
Well,
it's a super bummer, for sure.
But if Ladybug thinks
it's better for you.
Why were you so scared to tell
me? We can share everything!
And nothing
will ever change that!
Yeah, we can share everything...
You did the right thing.
It's safer
to protect our secrets.
Yeah.
It's probably better that way.
It'll be time
for our "evening walk" soon,
- if you know what I mean.
- And while the bug
is out patrolling
with the kitty, the sly fox
will cover them in case
the mean moth sets a...
Oh! Let me show you something!
I took a few selfies
with my new costume.
There are tons of details!
Check this out, by the neckline.
Isn't it way cool?
- Alya...
- I think I like it better.
Oh! What if I did a survey
on the Ladyblog
and let people vote?
(Sighs) Alya, Rena Furtive
means Rena Invisible.
- No one can ever see these!
- Oh! Right, I forgot.
Bummer! It's getting hard to
find material for the Ladyblog!
I still have raw footage
of Cat Noir's stunts.
Depending on how I edit it.
Yes, that's an awesome idea!
Come on! Let's go!
(Alya groans)
Huh?
Hey!
Since we got out early today,
shall we catch a movie?
Uh... I'm not so sure.
Go on! You have time,
we'll meet up later!
So, what's playing
at the movies?
Alya, slow down!
After Ladybug and Cat Noir...
- Cat Noir, come back!
- I'll always love you!
"Ladybug and Cat Noir 2.
The Arrival of Rena Rouge!"
What about Carapace?
Has everyone forgotten Carapace?
Cat Noir, forget about Ladybug!
You and I,
we're made for each other!
What? Rena Rouge
in love with Cat Noir?
- That's totally ridiculous!
- Hey, Nino, It's a cartoon,
a made-up story.
It's just to entertain people!
Hmm! Well, I, for one,
am not entertained!
She's right, Cat Noir!
You and Rena Rouge would
be so much better together!
- Mademoiselle.
- (Chuckles)
Should I take you home, or... ?
That thing you were showing
Marinette seemed cool.
- What was it? Can I see?
- Oh! A thing? What thing?
It was nothing! Besides,
I'm running out of battery!
Hey, look! Andre's over there!
How about some ice cream?
Merci, André!
Alya and Nino!
My favourite lovebirds!
What shall I serve you today?
Uh... Nothing for me, thanks!
I have homework to do!
And I'm not hungry anyway!
You can have my half!
See you later!
Thanks, André, but it'll
have to wait till next time!
Come on! Cat Noir's in love
with Ladybug! Not Rena Rouge!
I don't care! I'm Cat Noir
and all the girls love me!
- (Kids laugh)
- (Sighs)
There's a lot of talk
about Ladybug,
but hardly any about Cat Noir,
and he's an amazing superhero!
Brave, funny, handsome...
Coming right up, a montage
of some of the most impressive
stunts of a superhero
who's every bit as magnificent
as prince char-meowing!
- Stay connected!
- I knew it!
She's in love with someone else!
You spend
every minute together!
You're imagining things!
Who'd she be
in love with anyway?
Cat Noir!
Ha, ha! Yeah, right.
Why not
Jagged Stone's crocodile?
- Did you see the video?
- That's just some video,
- not proof!
- I'll find proof.
Then you'll see I was right!
- There's no way!
- Oh, there's a way! Yes, way!
My natural charisma has
probably just rubbed off on you!
You think I've played
the charming kittycat
and made her
fall in love with me?
I have to be sure.
Plagg, claws out!
Who would want a tormented
turtle for a companion?
No one could resist a kitten.
And this one'd
just ripped my heart out,
like a tragic sax solo
in a love song.
There I was,
with my old buddies again.
The city. The night.
The solitude.
The rain, pouring down,
not like the tears
that were stuck in my throat.
It was time to end
all the lies and secrets.
I always wanted to have
a moustache anyway.
- (Knock on window)
- Huh?
Cat Noir?
- Is something wrong?
- No, no, everything's fine.
It's just that I saw you posted
a new video about me.
I'm super flattered.
But it made me wonder.
You've been following us
from the very start.
You take photos, and videos, and
we even saved you a few times.
I mean, we're starting
to know each other pretty well,
and it's made me notice
a couple of small things.
I hope I'm just under
the illusion that there's...
Illusion? What illusion?
What small things?
It's kind of hard to explain,
but... I wanted to make sure
that in all this time
you've spent admiring me
you haven't built up some kind
of, uh, feelings for me.
I mean, I'd get it.
Hey, I am the cat's miaow!
Huh? What feelings for you?
Well, you know...
(Laughter) Are you insane?
I already have a boyfriend!
And, FYI, with him it's
not just... It's more like...
Ha, ha, ha! Sorry!
That was so silly of me!
Sorry, Cat Noir, but my Nino
is a thousand times
more irresistible than you.
And I don't know
your real identity.
I could never fall for someone
I didn't really know!
Hey! Nino!
I gotta tell you something!
No! I gotta tell you something!
Sit down!
Uh,
when did you set all this up?
I'm the one asking questions.
Remember what I told you
yesterday? I got proof now!
What do you say to this?
Come on, that doesn't make
any sense! You're wrong!
That's not at all what happened!
How do you know? You were
there? You're in on it too?
No, no, of course not!
But it's impossible!
I'm sure this is
just a misunderstanding!
Alya and Cat Noir
barely know each other!
Alya's just a superhero fan!
She's been filming them,
that's all!
They're close enough!
But no one knows
their secret identities!
Why would Alya fall in love
with someone she doesn't know?
The girl
who wants to be a reporter?
Who wants to know the truth,
no matter what?
Who wants to share everything
with the boy she loves?
They actually know each other
much better than you think!
You can't assume that
from this video.
Listen!
Here's what you don't know.
I'm not talking about the video.
I'm talking about something
I shouldn't be telling you.
A mind-blowing secret.
Alya is a superhero.
- She's Rena Rouge.
- What?
Shh! I know what you're about
to say. "That's nonsense.
And how would Nino
know that anyway?"
I know because...
I'm a superhero too.
I'm Carapace!
Huh? You're... Carapace?
But... the two of you know?
You know
each other's identities?
Of course. We've never
kept anything from each other.
Until now, with all that
Cat Noir business!
Wait a sec. I don't understand.
I thought secret identities had
to be protected at all costs!
If it were true, you'd never
just tell me like that.
Ladybug'd never agree to that!
Are you kidding? She gave us
our Miraculous at the same time!
- No... that's impossible!
- What are you trying to say?
- That I'm lying or something?
- No, no, what I meant was...
OK! You're Carapace,
she's Rena Rouge
and Ladybug is OK with this.
But it still isn't like Alya
or Cat Noir to be, you know...
You don't know what Cat Noir
really is. But I do!
I'm part of the team! I see
how he acts in real life!
Sure,
as soon as Ladybug shows up,
he throws himself at her feet
with roses and declarations...
(Kissing sounds)
But he gets blown off
every time!
'Cause she thinks
he's obnoxious and is right!
Then, when Rena Rouge shows up,
it's like "Why, hello there,
pretty lady! You look so fine!
You smell so good!"
So, yeah, it's easy to figure
out that the first mission
Carapace missed,
he made his move, and bam!
This is what happened!
And now I'm all alone!
I've lost the love of my life.
If I could, I'd sew his sweet
talking mouth shut
with his own whiskers!
A spurned boyfriend who wants
vengeance on his rival!
Now, that's a strong emotion.
Fly my little akuma,
and help this young man
destroy his enemy... my enemy!
There's got to be
an explanation, Nino!
We'll work it all out!
Rocketear, I am Shadow Moth!
Cat Noir has ripped
your heart out and left you
in a weeping state of sorrow.
So I'm giving your tears
the power to destroy everything.
- All I ask for in return are...
- I know what you want.
Don't worry,
the only thing left of them
will be their Miraculous!
Nino!
You have to fight off this ev...
- Ugh!
- You're not my enemy, Adrien.
Cat Noir is!
I know what you're about to
do, but I'd advise you not to,
considering what he's got
in store for Cat Noir.
I can't leave Nino like that!
Plagg, claws out!
And that's why he showed up.
'Cause of this video I posted.
He thought I was
in love with him!
Oh! That Cat Noir!
- (Screaming)
- What?
Cat Noir!
You stole my Alya from me!
I'm going to steal
your life from you!
I didn't steal anyone!
Alya still loves you!
Liar! I have proof!
Oh, no! This can't be happening!
Oh, Nino, no!
We must stop them before
they hurt each other! Come!
OK, we can transform
in peace in here.
- Oh!
Alya, don't tell me you...
Of course not!
It's a misunderstanding!
If you could hear
what we were saying,
Nino would never believe
I love Cat Noir!
OK, fine.
Let's not waste time!
- Tikki!
- Trixx!
- Spots on!
- Let's pounce!
Lucky Charm!
A video projector?
What am I meant to do with this?
Do like Nino and make up
imaginary movies in your head?
You said that if Nino
could have heard you,
- he wouldn't misunderstand?
- Absolutely!
How well do you remember
what you said on the balcony?
Every word!
D'you think you could make
a sound illusion?
Totally!
- I don't want to fight you!
- Silence!
Let me explain!
- I don't wanna hear your lies!
- You wanted proof?
Here's proof.
That doesn't prove a thing!
Ugh!
See? I don't want to hurt you.
Can we talk now?
Shut him up for good! But before
you do, seize his Miraculous.
- It's over, Cat Noir.
- Don't do this...
Nino! Stop!
Look, my lucky charm gave me
a super-advanced projector
that will allow you to hear
the sound of the video you shot.
I don't know what Cat Noir
said to your girlfriend,
- but I trust him.
- Mirage!
Now look and listen carefully.
- Well, you know...
(Laughter) Are you insane?
I already have a boyfriend! And,
FYI, with him it's not just...
It's more like...
Sorry! That was so silly of me!
Yeah! Sorry, Cat Noir,
but my Nino is a thousand times
more irresistible than you.
And I don't know your identity.
And I could never fall for
someone I didn't really know!
Let's rest.
Nino!
I can't believe
I ever doubted you.
I ever chose to do anything
over spending time with you.
I'm so sorry!
I was so scared for you!
Shadow Moth! You can have
your lame powers back!
No more evildoing for you,
little akuma.
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Miraculous Ladybug!
Love and secrets don't mix,
Ladybug.
And I'm sure
you have many secrets too.
(Evil laugh)
Nino, take this magical charm.
Always carry it with you.
That way, Shadow Moth
can't get to you any more.
I won't need to use it, Ladybug.
I'll never let Shadow Moth use
my love to manipulate me again.
I guess I was wrong about you,
my dude. I'm sorry.
Everyone has doubts
now and then... even me.
- Is everything OK, Cat Noir?
- Yeah, yeah...
- Pound it!
I still can't believe
Ladybug entrusted Alya and Nino
with those Miraculous.
Of course she did,
she's the guardian!
But they know
each other's identities!
- So?
- So why does she make it a rule
we can't know the other's
identity, but it's OK for them?
She's the guardian,
the Grand Master Cheese Ripener.
And you and I
are just cheese on the platter.
She decides what's on the menu.
I'm really sorry.
I didn't mean to cause trouble
between you and Nino.
Don't worry. I've got this.
Do you trust me?
I trust you.
Nino, there's something
I have to tell you.
Again? You sure you don't wanna
just play Super Penguino?
I'm still Rena Rouge.
But now, I'm in hiding.
That's why she asked me
not to tell anyone.
But why are you telling me
if no one's supposed to know?
- Is Ladybug cool with this?
- I can't hide it from you.
Because I love you, Nino.
And we share everything!